hey guys how's it going so I got a
message today and I've had quite a few
people ask me this over the past few
months and what about about how to make
this wire frame effect that is seen in
some counterstrike movies in gaming
videos now the specific example is this
one here and his though come in here and
I said outdoor tutorial forums there
this isn't my infusion to movie and how
everything is normal except with the gun
which is this bright glowing wireframe
effect and it's really simple to do
there's plenty of tutorials on it
already so I'm pretty sure a lot of you
already know how to do it but this is
mainly for the people who have been
asking me so first off you want to find
a demo and we'll just load up a random
demo because it doesn't matter alright
so a feminist demo here and it's of a
pretty good arm Diggle 31 bees and I
won't be able to give you the demo
because i will be using it in my movie
i'm working on and yep if you open up
console in your movie config at the very
top when you load CS it should have the
controls here if it's a decent living in
fig every movie config i've ever used is
how to and in the HUD / removals you can
see this toggle wire frame which is the
keys 89 and what this pretty much does
if you click eight and nine is one makes
it full and what makes it the models
only so as you can see the effect is
pretty much already there but if you
want it to only flash for a second i'll
show you how to do this you want to
record the clip 2 times once with the
wireframe on and once with it completely
off so you want to start the recordings
around the same time and finish them
around the same time but it doesn't need
to be exact so quickly pause the
recording while I do this and I'll be
back once done
okay so I've got them both recorded and
they'll just be an hour see strike
folder all right so here we go you can
see I've recorded both of them and it's
really important that you use the audio
with both of them and you record them at
the exact same frame rate so what you
need to do now is do the same just
virtualdub them like you usually do with
counter-strike videos so virtual dog
drag one in and you want to get the
frame rate too I think I recorded just a
30 so it was really fast
and remember get your audio as I said
so one
video frame rate yeah 30 all right save
his ABI we'll just save it to my desktop
as 1,000 and shouldn't take too long but
we'll just open that up again
dragged in to the second recording which
you can see here is the one with wire
frame on and we'll just shorten this a
bit again get the audio in from the same
place
to open video frame rate and then 30 and
save his AVI and 2000 save alright so
first ones done and then the second ones
done alright so of course you want to
delete all your TDA files and your WAV
files you no longer need them alright so
once we've got our Clips recorded we can
drag them both into vegas and this is
where you'll see why it was important we
were called at the same frame rate if
you create a new video track by right
clicking on the top on and go into that
video track you can drag this layer
above it and then drag the audio below
and the easiest way to line these up is
through the audio so you can see that's
where the second or third shot is on
this one so you can just line it up and
you can see right there that they're
pretty much lined up perfectly you can
tell all serve I just if you move your
mouse up to the top of the top layer
that makes sense the little opacity is
one hundred percent tab thing will pop
up and you can strag down and that's
another way you can see if they lined up
which you can see it is so i'll show you
how to just get your gun if that's what
you want so say if you are here
and you only wanted you gun to be a
wireframe you go to the top layer and
click your event pan/crop button here
which is a square go down to the bottom
left and it'll say mask tick the box and
then use the pen tool here to just trace
around your gun and there we go so you
can see it's everything except for the
gun but you will have to keep adjusting
it using keyframes to make sure it all
stays in there when you shoot you'll
have to add a keyframe make it a bit
higher of that and then you can add some
feather into it to make sure the edges
are nice and soft and then say if you
want this enemy here as well just trace
around him as well and do the exact same
thing so that's pretty much it and then
you can get creative with it as well you
can add some linear wipes and different
transitions to say make it just go from
left to right and slide across and
things like that you know you don't have
to just do it this way but that's just
the way I did and then you can also go
to video effects and say get light rays
and you know you can on add them to the
top layer and you can see it only
affects the wireframe here so that's
another cool thing you can do just add
some effects on the top layer may make
it glow a bit stuff like that so yeah
that's pretty much it i hope it helped i
only really showed you the basics you'll
have to experiment with it to get the
look you're going for and of course the
more time you spend on it the better
it's going to turn out so yeah good luck
and if it hoped like comment subscribe
and as always leave some other tutorial
suggestions in the comments or send me a
message and I'll be more than happy to
try and make them for you so ya see in
the next video